No scenario.
How did you get in?
I don't have a situation.
But I was invited.
Ye Feng, what nonsense are you talking about?
This flying swallow is my former home in money
Hosted by the villa
All of you are honored guests personally invited by me
Why don't I remember
I invited a man named Ye Feng
Could it be that you want to say that Miss Shangguan personally invited you?
Miss Shangguan
I usually come into contact with upper class people
How did I know you, a migrant worker who is a coolie?
Hey Ye Feng
I already reminded you
Don't answer me if it's not your circle
See, this is just going to be everyone's joke
Ye Feng, this is the gap between us
Just a word from me
You're going to have to get out of here.
how
I want that stinky bitch to be your backer
I'll tell you what.
Today is the arrival of Tianwang Lao Tzu
I can't keep you, that's power
Get out of here!
Get out get out
Get out and shut up
Get out! There's no such good thing
Arrest this kid and send him to the security team
Who are you kicking out?